Add CentOS Stream as separate product (#2958)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/centos-stream.md

---
title: CentOS Stream
category: os
iconSlug: centos-stream
permalink: /centos-stream
versionCommand: lsb_release --release
releasePolicyLink: https://wiki.centos.org/About/Product

> releaseLabel: "CentOS Stream __RELEASE_CYCLE__"

Reviewer: Now that CentOS and CentOS Stream are not mixed on the same page this does not seem necessary anymore.

activeSupportColumn: true
releaseDateColumn: true

> identifiers:

Reviewer: Are those identifiers also valid for CentOS Stream ?

Author: I'm not sure where to look to confirm that

Reviewer: I looked at the NVD CPE dictionnary : https://nvd.nist.gov/products/cpe. Think we can just replace `centos:centos` by `centos:stream` (I did it, with some miror wording changes).

-   cpe: cpe:/o:centos:centos
-   cpe: cpe:2.3:o:centos:centos

releases:
-   releaseCycle: "9"
    releaseDate: 2021-09-15
    support: 2027-05-31
    eol: 2027-05-31
    latest: "9"
    link: https://blog.centos.org/2021/12/introducing-centos-stream-9/

-   releaseCycle: "8"

>     releaseLabel: "CentOS Stream 8"

Reviewer: This is not necessary anymore (it was because both CentOS 8 and CentOS Stream 8 was documented on the same page).

    releaseDate: 2019-09-24
    support: 2024-05-31
    eol: 2024-05-31
    latest: "8"
    link: https://wiki.centos.org/Manuals/ReleaseNotes/CentOSStream

---

> > [CentOS](https://centos.org/) is a Linux distribution that provides a free, enterprise-class,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [CentOS Stream](https://www.centos.org/centos-stream/) is a continuously delivered Linux distribution that tracks just ahead of Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) development, positioned as a midstream between Fedora Linux and RHEL.
```

Description from https://www.centos.org/centos-stream/.

> community-supported computing platform functionally compatible with Red Hat Enterprise Linux.

CentOS Stream is the upstream variant, and contains content that is planned for the next minor
release of Red Hat Enterprise Linux.

CentOS Stream only has major versions, no minor versions. Its support ends when its corresponding

> RHEL release leaves full support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RHEL release leaves full support.

For information about CentOS, go to [our CentOS page](/centos).
```

We could add a sentence like this one to allow users to easily navigate between those pages.
